GUI BASED OPERATIONS (HW6)

Working Components:
1. Menu : The navigation menu bar contains all the operations. This is clickable and opens the
following three submenus each with their own submenus that lead to the image processor program's
operations being executed on the current image.
   - Color Change
     - Greyscale Color Values
       - Red Greyscale
       - Green Greyscale
       - Blue Greyscale
     - Brighten
   - Filter
     - Blur
     - Sharpen
     - Sepia
     - Grey
   - Transformation
     - Horizontal Flip
     - Vertical Flip
2. Image Display : displays the current image that the user is working on in the main panel
3. Message popups: displays text to the user regarding operations, errors, etc.

In-progress
4. Histogram support : Displays the histogram of the current image as a panel

OLD SUPPORTED OPERATIONS IN THE MODEL (HW4 and HW5)

1. load image-path image-name: Load an image from the specified path, which should include the name
                               of the file. Can be a .ppm, .png, .jpg, .bmp, etc. [This command MUST
                               be executed before any operations can be executed]

2. save image-path image-name: Save the image with the given name to the specified path
                               which should include the name of the file and the extension like
                               .ppm, .png, .jpg, .bmp, etc. [the LOAD command must be executed
                               before this command]

3. red-component image-name dest-image-name: Create a greyscale image with the red-component of the
                                             image with the given name and save it with a new
                                             destination name. [the LOAD command must be executed
                                             before this command]

4. green-component image-name dest-image-name: Create a greyscale image with the green-component of
                                               the image with the given name and save it with a new
                                               destination name.[the LOAD command must be executed
                                               before this command]

5. blue-component image-name dest-image-name: Create a greyscale image with the blue-component of
                                              the image  with the given name and save it with a new
                                              destination name. [the LOAD command must be executed
                                              before this command]

6. horizontal-flip image-name dest-image-name: Flip an image with a given name horizontally and
                                               save it with a new destination name.[the LOAD command
                                               must be executed before this command]

7. vertical-flip image-name dest-image-name: Flip an image with a given name vertically and save it
                                             with a new destination name.[the LOAD command must be
                                             executed before this command]

8. value image-name dest-image-name: Creates a new greyscale image based on the greatest
                                     value of each pixel's (r,g,b) components, from an image with a
                                     given n. [the LOAD command must be executed before this
                                     command]

9. intensity image-name dest-image-name: Creates a new greyscale image based on the
                                         average of each pixel's (r,g,b) components. [the LOAD
                                         command must be executed before this command]

10. luma image-name dest-image-name: Creates a new greyscale image based on a special
                                     formula for each pixel's (r,g,b) components. [the LOAD command
                                     must be executed before this command]

11. brighten increment image-name dest-image-name: Create a new image by brightening the
                                                   given image by the increment value (may
                                                   be positive or negative) as long as it
                                                   is in the valid (r,g,b) range, i.e.
                                                   from 0 to 255. [the LOAD command must be executed
                                                   before this command]

12. blur image-name dest-image-name: Blurs a given image and saves it with a new destination name.
                                     [the LOAD command must be executed before this command]

13. sharpen image-name dest-image-name: Sharpens a given image and saves it with a new destination
                                        name. [the LOAD command must be executed before this
                                        command]

14. greyscale image-name dest-image-name: Makes a given image greyscale and saves it with a new
                                          destination name. [the LOAD command must be executed
                                          before this command]

15. sepia image-name dest-image-name : Makes a given image sepia and saves it with a new destination
                                       name. [the LOAD command must be executed before this command]

16. run-text-file file-path : Executes a list of valid commands from a text file at the given path.